# Die Roll Modifiers

- Favoured - when a hero possesses a special affinity for a task
	- When making a ***Favoured*** roll, players roll two Feat dice instead of one, keeping the best result of the two
- Ill-Favoured- when a hero is suffering from some limitation
	- When making an ***Ill-Favoured*** roll, two Feat dice instead of one, keeping the worst result of the two
	- A ***PLAYER*** can be Ill-Favoured, instead of specifying a particular roll, the hero is ill-favoured on ***ALL*** rolls
- Bonus success dice
	- It is possible for a to be attempting something  under favourable circumstances, or employing a particularly beneficial talent. 
	- When this happens, the Player-hero may be granted a bonus in the form of a number of additional Success Die roll
		- Indicated in the text as *gain (1d) or more*, meaning that the Player-Hero adds 1 success die to their roll
	- Most commonly, bonus Success dice are gained by spending Hope, or as the effect of a number of Cultural Virtues.
		- Hope Bonus
			- A character’s Hope score is a pool of points representing the reserve of spiritual vigour that heroes draw from when confronted by difficult odds, or when a particularly good result is required by the circumstances.  
			- A Player hero about to make a die roll can spend 1 Hope point to gain (1d).  
				- Hope can be spent to gain dice on any roll made by a Player-Hero. 
				- It is not possible to spend multiple Hope points to gain multiple bonus Success dice.
		- Inspiration Bonus
			- Inspired Player-Heroes double the benefit of spending a Hope point, getting (2d) instead of (1d)
		- Support Bonus
			- A supporting character may spend 1 point of Hope to let the active Player hero gain (1d).
			- A Player-Hero may support another only if the circumstances allow it, and only if the supporting hero possesses at least one rank in an appropriate Skill.
			- Only one Player-Hero can spend Hope to support the active Player-Hero.
- Penalty Success Dice
	- Penalties are normally indicated in the text as *lose (1d)* or more (down to a minimum of zero Success dice).
- Magical Success
	- Player heroes possessing a magical talent or artefact can spend 1 point of Hope before a Skill roll to achieve a Magical success — that is, to pass their action automatically, regardless of the Target Number.